# Elias version

## My first prompt to v0
I'd like to recreate this website, but I will just have it locally on my computer and not host it online. It is a website that is for people with disabilities,  and changes the look on the website depending on what disability you have. image1.png is the default website. image2.png is the website when you press "Simulate Aura Enhancer" with The Voyager (color blind) selected.  image3.png is when you select "The Beacon (low vision). image4.png is when you press "Clarify content". image5.png is how the website looks when you scroll down and have these settings still turned on. I would like you to create the index.html for me and write inside the index.html but commented so it doesnt affect anything, what every major part of the code does.

## My second prompt to v0
There are some flaws in the website compared to the one im trying to recreate. fel.png shows that when you press clarify content. It's supposed to make everything bigger, look at the difference between image4.png and image5.png. The only difference between those 2 images is that clarify content is pushed. But instead when you press clarify content, it shows what is supposed to be shown when you select "The beacon (Low vision)" and use simulate button. If you untick "clarify content" it shows what is supposed to be "The voyager (color blind)" mode.

## My third prompt to v0
You have now fixed one issue, the "Clarify content" button now works on the default website. However, when you press "Simulate Aura enhancer", it doesnt work the way its supposed to. Right now the website becomes orange when you press that button. This orange version of the website is supposed to be when you choose "The beacon (low vision) from the dropdown menu. The blue version of the website is supposed to be when you choose "The voyager (color blind). The "clarify content button" is still supposed to make things bigger when you have "simulate aura" on and press the button.  Otherwise the simulate aura button works as intended, with how it makes outlines around different parts of the website etc, so dont change that. When you dont have that button pressed it should look like how it looks right now.
